Add initial workflow to scan images with Lacework scan (#1)
portworx/workflow-image-scan: README.md

# Reusable GitHub Workflow to Scan Images

> This workflow is highly specific for a few Portworx-internal repositories - may not be suited for generic usage.

The main goal this workflow is to:

> 1. call Lacework scanner action ([lacework/lw-scanner-action](https://github.com/lacework/lw-scanner-action)) for the
>    input images,
> 2. builds a scan result summary section and adds it to the end of the Actions run page,
> 3. adds a comment into the pull request containing the scan results in short form.

Reviewer: nit: I'd capitalize each point and end with periods instead of commas (I get that it's like a list, but it looks a bit weird imho).
And make the sentences make sense as the second part of "`The main goal of this workflow is to:`".

```suggestion
1. Call Lacework scanner action ([lacework/lw-scanner-action](https://github.com/lacework/lw-scanner-action)) for the
   input images.
2. Build a scan result summary section and add it to the end of the Actions run page.
3. Add a comment into the pull request containing the scan results in short form.
```

## Usage

```yml
jobs:
  # ...
  image-scan:
    needs: [ other-job1, other-job2 ]
    uses: portworx/workflow-image-scan/.github/workflows/image-scan.yml
    with:
      images: ${{ needs.other-job1.outputs.image }} ${{ needs.other-job2.outputs.image }}
    secrets: inherit
```

> or with explicit secrets:

Reviewer: Might be worth pointing out when each variant is appropriate (identical vs. differently named secrets).

```yml
jobs:
  image-scan:
    uses: portworx/workflow-image-scan/.github/workflows/image-scan.yml
    with:
      images: 'docker.io/busybox:1.35.0' 'docker.io/redhat/ubi8:8.6'
    secrets:
      DOCKER_USERNAME: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_USERNAME }}
      DOCKER_PASSWORD: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_PASSWORD }}
      LW_ACCOUNT_NAME: ${{ secrets.LW_ACCOUNT_NAME }}
      LW_ACCESS_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.LW_ACCESS_TOKEN }}
```

## Inputs

```yml
    inputs:
      # Space-separated list of images (e.g. "docker.io/busybox:1.35.0 docker.io/redhat/ubi8:8.6").
      images:
        required: true
        type: string
    secrets:
      # Docker username.
      DOCKER_USERNAME:
        required: true
      # Docker password.
      DOCKER_PASSWORD:
        required: true
      # Lacework account name.
      LW_ACCOUNT_NAME:
        required: true
      # Lacework access token.
      LW_ACCESS_TOKEN:
        required: true
```

## Outputs

> Image scan results visualized in:

Reviewer: qq: Do you know if the outputs are also accessible on the outer workflow level? Something like `${{ image-scan.jobs.run-scan.outputs.results-json }}` in case the user would somehow like to manipulate it in their workflow further?

Author: There is a way to define outputs also for reusable workflows (described [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/reusing-workflows#using-outputs-from-a-reusable-workflow)), but in this case I cannot see who would need/use that. In this case I would follow the YAGNI principle :smiley:
But thanks for asking, I forgot to mention the uploaded artifacts containing the JSONs :+1:

Reviewer: Yeah I agree, let's not add it if we don't need it. Was just wondering if it wasn't accessible by default ✌️

# Reusable GitHub Workflow to Scan Images

> This workflow is highly specific for a few Portworx-internal repositories - may not be suited for generic usage.

The main goal this workflow is to:

1. Call Lacework scanner action ([lacework/lw-scanner-action](https://github.com/lacework/lw-scanner-action)) for the
   input images.
2. Build a scan result summary section and add it to the end of the Actions run page.
3. Add a comment into the pull request containing the scan results in short form.

## Usage

### With inherited secrets

```yml
jobs:
  # ...
  image-scan:
    needs: [ other-job1, other-job2 ]
    uses: portworx/workflow-image-scan/.github/workflows/image-scan.yml
    with:
      images: ${{ needs.other-job1.outputs.image }} ${{ needs.other-job2.outputs.image }}
    secrets: inherit
```

Prerequisites to use:

* The caller repository must be under the Portworx organization.
* The caller repository must have added all the secrets defined in the [Inputs](#inputs) section below (using the same
  names).

### With explicit secrets

> The caller cannot use the `implicit` keyword if the caller workflow is not from the Portworx organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The caller cannot use the `inherit` keyword if the caller workflow is not from the Portworx organization
```

    secrets: inherit
```

> or with secrets explicitly defined if the caller workflow is not from a Portworx repo 

Reviewer: Does this really have anything to do with being a Portworx repo? Isn't it just about how the secrets are named in that particular repo?

Author: The documentation says: `The inherit keyword can be used to pass secrets across repositories within the same organization, or across organizations within the same enterprise.`
I tried to call it from my forked private repo and it failed with the `inherit` keyword. I think it makes sense to do not pass all your secrets to some external workflow.

Reviewer: Right. But I guess the secrets do need to have the same name for the workflow to be able to make any sense of them, right? We should probably list both of those conditions to prevent confusion.
